More words on Decoupled and Irrevocable (#28)
freechipsproject/www.chisel-lang.org: docs/src/main/tut/chisel3/interfaces-and-connections.md

## The standard ready-valid interface (ReadyValidIO / Decoupled)

Chisel provides a standard interface for [ready-valid interfaces](http://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs150/Documents/Interfaces.pdf).
The ready-valid interface uses `ready` and `valid` to handshake
data transfer. When both signals are asserted the data transfer takes

> place.

Reviewer: I don't like `"handshake"` being used as a verb here. It also seems reasonable to be explicit about what each signal means and to document `fire`.

How about:

```markdown
A ready-valid interface consists of a `ready` bit, a `valid` bit, and some data stored in `bits`.
The `ready` bit indicates that a consumer is *ready* to consume data.
The `valid` bit indicates that a produced has *valid* data on `bits`.
When both `ready` and `valid` are asserted, a data transfer from producer to consumer takes place.
A convenience method `fire` is provided that is asserted if both `ready` and `valid` are asserted.
```

(GitHub really, really needs multi-line suggestions...)

  // do something with io.readyValid.bits
}
```

Decoupled is marker interface for a ready-valid interface to indicate
that there are no requirements placed on the signaling of `ready` or `valid`.

> That means `ready` and `valid` can also be de-asserted without a data transfer.

Author: I have "Specifically, `ready` and `valid` may be deasserted and `bits` may change
after a clock cycle without a data transfer."

I think "bits may change while valid asserted" is not enough. They can change with valid or without valid.

Irrevocable is marker interface for a ready-valid interface to indicate
that the value of 'bits' after a cycle where 'valid' is high and 'ready' is low

> are not changed. E.g., `valid` stays asserted. Also the consumer shall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also the consumer shall
```

> keep `ready` asserted after a cycle where `read` was high and `valid` was low.

Reviewer: I think this is wrong. The convention is that `valid` will stay high and not de-assert. I don't think there's any guarantees on `ready`?

> Note that this constraint cannot be enforced by the interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the *irrevocable* constraint *is only a convention* and cannot be enforced by the interface.
```

  // do something with io.readyValid.bits
}
```

`DecoupledIO` is a ready-valid interface with the *convention*
that there are no guarantees placed on de-asserting `ready` or `valid` or
on the stability of `bits` after a clock cycle without data transfer.
That means `ready` and `valid` can also be de-asserted without a data transfer.
Specifically, `ready` and `valid` may be deasserted and `bits` may change
after a clock cycle without a data transfer.

`IrrevocableIO` is a ready-valid interface with the *convention*
that the value of `bits` will not change while `valid` is asserted and `ready` is deasserted.
Also the consumer shall keep `ready` asserted after a cycle where `read`
was high and `valid` was low.
Note that the *irrevocable* constraint *is only a convention* and cannot

> be enforced by the interface.

Reviewer 2: > Note that the *irrevocable* constraint *is only a convention* and cannot be enforced by the interface.

This statement is true of most interfaces (including AXI and TileLink). What I would note is that we don't generate checkers/assertions.
